The dog, inu, ichi-nin-shou, tan-su no dai-mei-shi, I, my, me, mine, sono you-re, I am a dog, I have a master, my master is very kind to me, he takes me everywhere he goes, mine is the best of masters, ni-nin-shou, tan-su no dai-mei-shi, you, you-re, you, yours,
sono you-re, you are a dog, you have a master, your master is very kind to you, he takes you everywhere he goes, yours is the best of masters,
san-nin-shou, tan-su, dan-sei no dai-mei-shi, he, his, him, his, sono you-re, he is a dog, he has a master, his master is very kind to him, he takes him everywhere he goes, his is the best of masters,
onajiku, san-nin-shou, tan-su, ni-yo-sei no dai-mei-shi, she, her, her, hers, sono you-re, she is a dog, she has a master, her master is very kind to her, he takes her everywhere he goes, hers is the best of masters,
onajiku, san-nin-shou, tan-su, chu-sei no dai-mei-shi, it, its, its, its, sono you-re, it is a dog, it has a master, its master is very kind to it, he takes it everywhere he goes, its is the best of masters,
onajiku, san-nin-shou, tan-su, chu-sei no dai-mei-shi, we, our, us, ours, sono you-re, we are dogs, we have a master, our master is very kind to us, he takes us everywhere he goes, ours is the best of masters,
onajiku, san-nin-shou, tan-su, chu-sei no dai-mei-shi, we, our, us, ours, we are dogs, we have a master, our master is very kind to us, he takes us everywhere he goes,
they are dogs, they have a master, their master is kind to them, he takes them everywhere he goes, theirs is the best of masters,
In the Japanese language, when we use the words such as you, you, you, we use the words such as you, you, you, you, we use the words such as you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you
Sa-no-ni-go' and the discrimination is included from the start in the words themselves.